Add CONTRIBUTING.md (#53)
T4rk1n/pytest-dash: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to pytest-dash

### Getting started

- Fork and clone the repo
- Install the dependencies
`$ pip install -r requirements.txt`

### Coding style

#### Linters

- [pylint](https://www.pylint.org/): 
`$ pylint pytest_dash tests test_apps`
- [flake8](http://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/): 
`$ flake8 pytest_dash tests test_apps`

#### Formatter 

Auto format with [yapf](https://github.com/google/yapf):

`$ yapf pytest_dash tests test_apps -ri`

#### Commit messages

> Use an emoji to categorize your commits according to this list adapted from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefix your commit messages with an emoji according to this list adapted from:
```
So it's clearer how to use the appropriate emoji (in the commit message, and at the beginning of it).

| Analytics or tracking code | :chart_with_upwards_trend: `:chart_with_upwards_trend:` |
| Removing a dependency      | :heavy_minus_sign: `:heavy_minus_sign:`       |
| Adding a dependency        | :heavy_plus_sign: `:heavy_plus_sign:`         |
| Docker                     | :whale: `:whale:`                             |
| Configuration files        | :wrench: `:wrench:`                           |
| Bundles update             | :package: `:package:`                         |
| Merging branches           | :twisted_rightwards_arrows: `:twisted_rightwards_arrows:` |
| Bad code / need improv.    | :hankey: `:hankey:`                           |
| Reverting changes          | :rewind: `:rewind:`                           |
| Breaking changes           | :boom: `:boom:`                               |
| Code review changes        | :ok_hand: `:ok_hand:`                         |
| Accessibility              | :wheelchair: `:wheelchair:`                   |
| Move/rename repository     | :truck: `:truck:`                             |
| Other                      | [Be creative](http://www.emoji-cheat-sheet.com/)  |

> _**Only rebase accepted**_

Reviewer: What do you mean by this? Thanks!

Author: Mixing rebase and merge gets confusing, I don't want to see merge commits and the only option for PR merge is `rebase and merge`.

Reviewer: Ok. I didn't guess it was in the context of merging pull requests. Since it's not the default option in the GitHub interface, it's worth clarifying. I would suggest something along the lines of: "When merging your pull request, select [rebase and merge](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-request-merges/#rebase-and-merge-your-pull-request-commits)."
